General Ledger Module
A General Ledger is the central repository of the accounting records and data.

The general ledger is the central point for accounting information, receiving entries from other modules, such as accounts payable, accounts receivable and payroll modules.
The general ledger is the basis for creating key financial documents, including trial balance, balance sheet, and profit and loss statement.
The general ledger is used to record financial transactions not recorded in other modules.
The general ledger creates a trail of information used for audit purposes.
A general ledger provides you a record /track of all financial transactions.
 To integrate your payable data with your purchasing system use Account payable. Using this feature, you can easily track and control your cash flow.
 Account receivable is a feature to track customer payments and it allows you to automate tasks like sending payment reminders.
To view the overall financial performance Profit tracking is the best feature. It helps to see how your business is using its financial resources. And also it is used to calculate how much your organization is profiting from your efforts.
To track your company assets like equipment, computers, company cars, etc, you can take the help of Fixed asset management.
 It is difficult to manage multiple currencies if you have clients worldwide. Multi-Currency management is a suitable feature to handle it. It allows you to automate the process of both buying and selling in foreign currencies.
To provide a uniform collection of sales and taxes Tax management is the best choice.
To analyze and manage your organization’s crises Risk management is a good feature of the finance module.
 Reports show you where revenue is generated and where it is not generated. It helps you to understand the financial condition of your company.



Accounts payable for purchase invoices, credit notes.
Accounts receivable for sales invoice, credit notes and adjustment.
Cash management wherefrom payment details are transferred to GL.
Asset management for transferring depreciation details.
Cost accounting for allocation of cost.



Accounts Payable Module (AP) - This module provides the functionality to enter, monitor, maintain and process for payment of invoices and credit notes, that the organization received from its vendors. 
The key functionality of this module is as follows:

Immediate registration of incoming invoices
Tracking & Authorization of incoming invoices
Entry of order-based and sundry invoices
Automatic matching of invoices with receipts
Separate procedure for approval of invoices that exceeded the user tolerances
Self-Billing Invoices this is suitable for JIT environment where receipt of goods automatically generates approved invoices in the system which is paid through remittances and supplier need not send any invoice.
Accounts Classification for reconciliation